Typos and suggestions (#43)
mlr-org/mlr3book: bookdown/00-intro.Rmd

The package is a complete rewrite of an earlier version of `r mlr_pkg("mlr")` that leverages many years of experience to provide a state-of-the-art system that is easy to use and extend.
It is intended for users who have basic knowledge in machine learning and R and who are interested in complex projects and advanced functionality rather than one-liners for one specific thing.

**Why a Rewrite?**

`r mlr_pkg("mlr")` was first released to CRAN in 2013, with the core design and architecture dating back much further.
Over time, the addition of many features has led to a considerably more complex design that made it harder to build, maintain, and extend than we had hoped for.
Furthermore, the R ecosystem as well as helpful packages such as `r cran_pkg("data.table")` have undergone major changes in the meantime.
It would have been nearly impossible to integrate all these changes into the original design of `r mlr_pkg("mlr")`.
Instead, we decided to start working on a reimplementation in 2018, which resulted in the first release of `r mlr_pkg("mlr3")` on CRAN .

> The new design and the integration of further developed R packages and features (**data.table**, **R6**, pipelines) makes `r mlr_pkg("mlr3")` much easier to maintain, easier to use, and more performant compared to `r mlr_pkg("mlr")`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new design and the integration of newly developed R packages (**R6**, **future**) makes `r mlr_pkg("mlr3")` much easier to maintain and use, and more performant compared to `r mlr_pkg("mlr")`.
```

Author: how about `further and newly developed` R packages, this would then also include the **data.table** package.

Reviewer: Ok. Seems like you need to commit the suggestion, I can't :)

`r mlr_pkg("mlr3")` provides a domain-specific language for machine learning in R.
We target both **practitioners** who want to quickly apply machine learning algorithms and **researchers** who want to implement, benchmark, and compare their new methods in a structured environment.
The package is a complete rewrite of an earlier version of `r mlr_pkg("mlr")` that leverages many years of experience to provide a state-of-the-art system that is easy to use and extend.
It is intended for users who have basic knowledge in machine learning and R and who are interested in complex projects and advanced functionality rather than one-liners for one specific thing.

**Why a Rewrite?**

`r mlr_pkg("mlr")` was first released to CRAN in 2013, with the core design and architecture dating back much further.
Over time, the addition of many features has led to a considerably more complex design that made it harder to build, maintain, and extend than we had hoped for.

> <!-- data.table v.1.0 was released in 2006, see https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/wiki-->

Reviewer: I think back then it was not as popular as it is now :) Thanks for the link!

`r mlr_pkg("mlr")` was first released to CRAN in 2013, with the core design and architecture dating back much further.
Over time, the addition of many features has led to a considerably more complex design that made it harder to build, maintain, and extend than we had hoped for.

> Furthermore, the R ecosystem as well as helpful packages such as `r cran_pkg("data.table")` have undergone major changes in the meantime.

Author: @pat-s pls have a look if you like my rewrite and if it expresses what you wanted to say

`r mlr_pkg("mlr")` was first released to CRAN in 2013, with the core design and architecture dating back much further.
Over time, the addition of many features has led to a considerably more complex design that made it harder to build, maintain, and extend than we had hoped for.

> <!-- data.table v.1.0 was released in 2006, see https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/wiki-->

Reviewer: Imo it reads fine now with your most recent changes :+1:

* Embrace [R6](https://cran.r-project.org/package=R6), clean object-oriented design, object state-changes, and reference semantics.
* Embrace [`data.table`](https://cran.r-project.org/package=data.table) for fast and convenient data frame computations.
* Unify container and result classes as much as possible and provide result data in `data.table`s.

> <!-- maybe replace aggregation by split-apply-combine strategy in accordance with Hadley's paper and as a more general term -->

Reviewer: This still needs to be removed.

* Embrace [R6](https://cran.r-project.org/package=R6), clean object-oriented design, object state-changes, and reference semantics.
* Embrace [`data.table`](https://cran.r-project.org/package=data.table) for fast and convenient data frame computations.
* Unify container and result classes as much as possible and provide result data in `data.table`s.
<!-- maybe replace aggregation by split-apply-combine strategy in accordance with Hadley's paper and as a more general term -->

>     This considerably simplifies the API and allows easy selection and aggregation operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This considerably simplifies the API and allows easy selection and "split-apply-combine" (aggregation) operations.
```
